Michael Hartman 
Assignment 5: BugsInTeammate

Bug 1:

I found this bug by running my unit tests and observing the results. In updateCoins() there is a problem when using the Bonus: 
Verify adding a silver and 9 bonus adds 11 coins:  TEST FAILED
player1 coins: 16 
player1 expected coins: 17 
when adding 9 bonus the expected outcome was off by 1

Verify adding a gold and -1 bonus doesn't work:  TEST FAILED
player1 coins: 9 
player1 expected coins: 17 
when adding -1 bonus the expected outcome was that a negative input would not work, however somehow adding a gold (+3) and a -1 bonus removed 8 coins. 

Verify adding a gold and -1 bonus adds 3 coins:  TEST SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETED
player1 coins: 12 
player1 expected coins: 12
Yet in the second test with -1 it had no effect and the +3 from the gold was added.


Bug 2:

I found this bug by running my unit tests and observing the results. In discardCard() there is a problem with players being able to discard more cards than they have in their hand:
Verify Player 1 cannot discard more cards than in hand:  TEST FAILED
Verify Player 2 cannot discard more cards than in hand:  TEST FAILED
Both players could discard more cards than they had in their hand.  This should not be possible.


Bug 3:

I found this bug by running my unit tests and observing the results. In smithy() there is a problem with the function only adding one card to the players hand:
Verify Player 1 has 7 cards in their hand:  TEST FAILED
Verify Player 1 has 4 cards in their deck:  TEST FAILED
Verify the fifth card in Player 1's hand is a silver:  TEST FAILED
Verify the sixth card in Player 1's hand is a gold:  TEST FAILED
Verify the seventh card in Player 1's hand is a embargo:  TEST FAILED
There is a bug with the smithy card.  I needed to add additional output statements to my original unit test to help me identify what is happening.
Player 1 has 5 cards in their hand  
Player 1 has 6 cards in their deck  
The fifth card in Player 1's hand is a silver
These statements combined with the context from the tests tell me that the smithy card has been played and sent to the discard pile, but only one card: a silver (was at the top of the deck) has been added to the deck.  
There should have been 2 more cards added.  The problem does not appear to be localized inside the smithy function, but rather to occur due to interaction with other functions.
